---
layout: post
title: "What's new in Ona?"
permalink: /faq/new-in-ona
category: faq
---

April 9, 2015

Ona has been rebuilt from the ground up with new code and a new look — it has all of the previous functionality for data collection plus features to help you better manage data and share information with collaborators.

What's changed?

* **Projects.** A project is a set of related forms that are grouped together and have the same sharing permissions.
* **New User Interface.** We rebuilt our interface to be cleaner, faster and to reflect updates to functionality.
* **[Improved Sharing Permissions.](http://help.ona.io/faq/what-are-the-share-settings/)** Projects can be shared with other Ona users in a way similar to other popular tools and apps on the web.
* **Improved Security.** Assign every user in your system (including data gatherers) their own username and password. You can now require data collectors to login without giving them access to your project’s private data.
* **Data Visualization.** We made it easier to switch between map and table views and added Summary Charts that let you review summary statistics. On the map, we added support for multi-select and number ranges.
* **Recent Updates**
	* **Organizations.** Organizations are meant to make it easier to securely share data between it's members and share data with projects. Please email [info@ona.io](mailto:info@ona.io) if interested.
	* **Collaborate.** Easily share data with members of other organizations. Ona is built to represent the way you work.
	* **XLS Reports.** We are starting to build custom Excel dashboards and reports for our users. These dynamic files are automatically updated with predefined calculations and charts using the latest data, letting you track metrics and indicators in real-time. [Learn more](http://help.ona.io/faq/what-is-a-xls-report/)